[Music]
Okay, let's change the subject because
Dolores Sánchez is bothered by this topic so
Dolores, I didn't mean to hurt you, okay, I
just love to piss people off, I love it, I love it, I love to
try a
little bit of everything, not on this channel, and you
know that I tend to be a bit like that, a
little bit playful. No, yesterday I had the surprise,
the truth is, I was very surprised
to find this content, I haven't
seen it all. Okay, I'm going to watch the
same clip that I saw last night again, I don't
know if it will be much longer, but Tania,
well, there's this click and another one that I
rescued from Robe's Twitter, no, yesterday
Tania made a statement on her channel,
okay, after deleting her entire channel,
restore some content again.
Okay, now suddenly I'm leaving,
but I'm not leaving. She has decided to come out in
an exercise of transparency, damn,
you know what I'm thinking, man, let's see this,
we're going to find out, eh, eh, yesterday I discovered
who the laserland lawyer was. Do you
want to browse the
internet safely and also access all the
content on your favorite platforms
like Netflix, HBO Max, or Disney Plus,
cyberghost VPN And I don't know if you
know, but there is content that in your country  they are
not available and with this
little trick you can access all the
content wherever you are I don't know if you
know what a VPN is but it's an
extension that you put on your internet with
which it masks the IP and apart from
browsing completely safe pure and
anonymous without anyone being able to know who you
are and where you are It helps you access
some content that is
blocked in your country there are movies and
series on your favorite platforms that
are not available there are
television programs for example on mediaset
content that if you try to watch them outside
of Spain they have a geoblock that doesn't
allow you Well with Cyber ​​Ghost VPN that's
over Apart from being protected by
browsing anonymously you can
access content from all over the
planet you will also have Total privacy
since it keeps your connection private and
protects your data Ultra fast speed
to eliminate the lake in any
online game with which you can enjoy
live broadcasts without interruptions and as I have already
told you Freedom to access all the
content on the planet wherever and whenever
you want also take advantage of HD an 83%
discount using the link that I
leave you in the description of this video and
watch out because you can try Cyber ​​goost VPN
45 days without  commitment and if you are not
convinced, ask for a refund and I will return
the p So don't wait any longer to
protect your connection and improve your
internet experience, run, Click
on the link in the description and take advantage of
this super offer Cyber ​​Ghost VPN to
browse completely free and secure.
We continue with the video, wow, I'm going to
explain it later in the salseria, eh, I'm going to
explain it later because, of course, the
lawyer from the SERL, I didn't know who she was, I was
surprised, I'm not saying it could be
some friend, some buddy or something like that,
but well, she is a friend
of Antonia, she is a friend of Antonia's, it
seems that they have introduced her, they have
introduced her, this lawyer who, in her day,
this lawyer also represented a
man, eh, also a friend of theirs, eh,
so that she could insult us and say things to us,
no way, can you imagine if it were the
same lawyer because, of course, she talks about a
lawyer, eh, she talks about a lawyer, she talks
in the feminine, eh, she made a
statement calling you Francisco Javier
Oliveira, yes, I think so, I think so,
Mr. Francisco Javier Oliveira, damn it
would be a would be it would be the  that's it eh
Because of course Mrs. Antonia
supports her, Tania has put some TT
supporting her well Tania we are with you no
and all that stuff no So if
the lawyer has presented him so that he can give it his all
it would be a tremendous Union eh it would be
a tremendous Union that eh what a
team Eh well in an exercise of
transparency Tania has made a
statement to clarify
some things that we were saying that
were lies on our part you know
I have set you an objective today okay
Then we'll see then what
happens now we're going to see Loli and Peppa
yelling at each other I have set you an
objective today okay that I have
titled it Javi Oliveira was
right always with telesalseo So
all of you who are Here tonight if
you agree okay everyone with
telesalseo always with telesalseo I'm not
getting off this boat I invite you to
meet the objective okay let's
listen to this this statement not where
Tania clarifies some little things for us as you
have seen I am going to make a statement
okay a brief
statement and And well then that's it okay
fine  eh I'm going to leave it there I guess it will be
echoed later like always
I guess later I mean she's already
given she's given Look, she's authorized at
least there are no people who don't authorize me
to see their communications okay Okay She
authorizes us to echo wizard get out
of here what the [ __ ] are you doing here you can go
wizard look the objective is Javi Oliveira
was right always with telesalseo from
this bottom of this boat I'm not getting off have you
seen that it says salsería or or say
by the way wizard Find me some
salsería topics if you want me to go there eh
If not I don't have a topic eh I don't have a topic
for the salsería So if you want me to
go steal something from Uncle Sur See what's out
there eh well then in view of the
repeated questions and the
misinformation spread by a
YouTube channel there is misinformation spread by
a YouTube channel eh eh Hey look He gets
together with some passer mmv a kiss sweetheart
How are you How are you Well always on
this boat right always on this boat
mmv a kiss a kiss sweetheart I want to
make some clarifications
and in a clear manner  and transparent is
transparent Tania what happens is that it is
deleting everything that is already worth it in its
peak day, that is, it is transparent but not
so transparent semi-transparent
semi-transparent María Isabel very good
first about the petition on change.org
sori el arras very good Lisa very good
well about the petition on
change.org I have never denied nor do I
intend to deny that 12 13 years ago
I opened a petition on change.org go
Tania says that she has never denied that she opened
a petition on chain.org no then
wait a moment that I am tuning my
voice but it seems to me I am going to get
really angry but stop but it seems to me that
another one I am going to get really angry because I am not
seeing I am not seeing that some people
who are suffering kiss We love you the whole
chat teere abandon ship only with
elit
exactly meat to these people who do not
take advantage of the opportunity to say I'm going to
yuki Tell me everyone is interrupting me
Haha oliveira you are going to fall fir wz
wizard I love you kisses to the se out
wizard get out of here contribute something to this
box be it publicity now  be
economically because individually
each one of us We will have to
file several lawsuits to bring
all of this to the same bench in the
same but we have the opportunity with
Tania Wait this is not it Wait
in the end I am the one who is affected I put a
click that was not eh it is this [ __ ] eh what is that
is in public networks I already
advance you that no and I am advancing that
when the quer is already in front of
the game they are going to have to say where they
got all the data that they say
is in public networks I am only going to
advance they are going to have to explain how
they get some data and some
social networks and how they get there because that is not
even close to the
Reference public that they made that was
media because it came out they mentioned it
in some column of some newspaper
at the time but with initials Ah
you have to know what you are looking for
with the date and nonsense everything and that it fits they have
done a a a
thorough investigation of the person a kiss FJ just
raided us FJ I hope
you had a great time hitmen Hey but
FJ I  I have given you permission to
open live or something like that I have
given you permission for it to be the last one okay I did
n't know anything I hope you had a
great time on the live FJ a kiss
to everyone who came there about the
sentence of the articles from any
media that could have echoed all of that they have
been investigating for
months to gather all that information and
now they are trying to make it seem that the
culprit is because Tania had
everything on social networks and that everything was we are
trying to make it seem that Tania
had published it and I already anticipate that it
is a lie what he anticipates us that it is a
lie eh and they are going to have to
prove it Why do they have such a bad
face one and it smells like [ __ ]
everywhere because they know that they have committed a
very serious crime no One has committed several
very serious crimes a lot to the house let's
see and they are starting eh to
delete things from the other Yes yes there yes
I agree with you what is the name of
this the trickster this The Mercenary this
what is the name of this I don't remember what was the
name of this there I agree
with you yes it is  It's true that they're
starting to erase little things, that's
true mm Why are
so many things about you disappearing because
she's erasing them now let's get to that
now let's get to that but oh well If they're so
calm if the complaint is not going to be
processed If that has no
course at all because all of that had
already been made public If so much if they
can prove everything they're
saying why don't they take out Why do
n't they take out for example Why don't they take out for
example that What they say about
change.or where Tania asked for help with
signatures to have this
man reopened eh Why doesn't he take it out for not that
For example no Why don't you know that oops,
now that you mention it why haven't you taken
out why haven't they taken out that part the
fool the fool the fool jin
that almost a little bit and a
spark came out not of that no, he didn't realize that he
had to play along with the other
loser eh he stays at the fool they
both stay the other two this one
below This is a this I've already
told you  a mercenary a trickster okay This one
is lying on purpose okay because we have
n't paid attention to him here and and because
all this is because I told him to [ __ ] off
once on Twitter eh I don't remember what I
told him but this guy was
taking out the clips for me so I could do
these Freaky tuber live streams okay I told him
to suck it off once I don't
remember what it was and now he's back on
Claro Look at the face he's here like
saying what is this guy saying I mean
themselves look at the face eh he's like
what the [ __ ] is this guy saying
what the [ __ ] is this guy saying that
Chain doesn't exist you know I mean what the [ __ ] is he
telling me I mean he himself is
putting on a face and the other fool was like like this
Ah okay I have to get you
the roll I mean tremendous tremendous
tremendous three show-offs that's why wow
now that you mention it why haven't they
released why haven't they released that part
because it doesn't exist let's see They say that it
exists that it is public and that they
could release it they released it they didn't
do it if it exists and it's not a crime to release it  get
it out [ __ ] what a bird is man eh but
well let's see [ __ ] what bird has
caught us I think he's realizing that they
believed a [ __ ] what a joke he
just pulled on us eh what a bird doesn't
exist man [ __ ] of course it doesn't exist now
no that Tania erases it no a kiss it
lailo we don't get it x when it exists period
x since then nothing we
completely invented it and now Tania comes and
sings to you
loser you are a
loser you don't get a penny even
if you open the register even if you play along with
Loli When you knew I didn't
have cancer you are the only one who doesn't
get anything You are a loser you are a
real loser because the tan has
caught her and they have filled the register Why
because of the hatred for Javi Oliveira you should have
said that you were going to report
Javi if you had said that you were
if you had said that you wanted to report
Javi the haters and the
sick youtubers with me just like they
did with Tania They would have given you money
for  private by anonymous visa You know
Even if it was [ __ ] [ __ ] the
complaint or the report even if it's
[ __ ] [ __ ] but to say that to
say that it's against Javi they wouldn't have
given you the money and that's it And you're a
loser Tania just took some
money she didn't even say how much she didn't say
or how much she's spent on visa okay she
said that she paid the attorney you
know Tania has already taken the cash register they've
filled it and you didn't you got to the
cash register 200 and some euros you said Oh
well I'm going to put a cash register here
every month they don't even take this you haven't even
taken Loli's I mean
Still now we'll see about
Peppa and Loli they're already throwing around that she did
n't have cancer surprise no we already
knew okay eh And you've been
knowing that she didn't have cancer
inventing the staples I don't know what guy you
sell yourself for a fortune for a fortune you
sell yourself man and you don't get anything in the end
eh anyway it's that in the end she doesn't get anything
pring is the word  loser but
loser eh literally eh one is
that he is a loser audios
of the loser were leaked saying that he knew that Loli did
not have cancer Well anyway he
made it up knowing that she did not have cancer he made up
a story to cover it up he
made up the staples thing that he had
seen her with the staples that he had seen
the scar And what he got a [ __ ]
[ __ ] he got a few
donations in member in what
Loli has given him Pepa has gotten
showers from her chat showers of visum you
know and Oh he gave me 500 Oh Well I
also have it yellow the video is
[ __ ] for you loser you are a
loser you Here dragged for free and
now Tania arrives after
you have been making a fool of yourself all
week and now your friend María
Isabel arrives very good first about the
petition on change.org Sori the arras very
good Lisa very good well about
the petition on change.org I have never
denied nor do I intend to deny that
12 13 years ago I opened a petition on
change.org and  They leave you in Braga, man. And it
leaves you in Braga. That's it. We have requested and
received the official certificate from
change.org confirming that the petition
was emptied in
2018, several years before the opening of
this YouTube channel, therefore the
claim that it was modified in
November is completely false. No, no,
the truth is, no.
Tania, I have to zoom in
so you can't see a little thing, okay.
November 21, 2024 at
11:05 PM, okay. There is a modification to
the page the same night that everything is
exploding, about half an hour
after everything starts to explode. Tania goes in
and then modifies, deletes, the petition,
writes the word nothing, okay. And then,
uh, it changes when she changes the title. When she changes the title, she
changes the title, the the at
sign, that is, the link, the link changes. When she
changes the title, okay, that is, the
link, the link It has more or less, uh. So
that you understand me, okay, the
link has the
title of the petition,
okay, the URL, the link has the title of
the petition, when she changes it and puts
the word nothing well the link starts to
change too I don't know why
sometimes it happens with some web pages and not with
others okay eh what What's up Cassandra
who are you saying that to I'm
showing it to you on the screen okay I mean this is
a record that we have we already have
certified nothing happens can you say
mass Okay well it's more peres it's
that Roberto Navarrete and the
Twitter people shared
screenshots of chain.org not the same night
no I mean for example how I found out
I found out being here live because they started sending me that they were putting it on Twitter How am I going to find out if not I mean if it didn't exist How am I going to find out and not me but it was already going viral on Twitter don't
miss it Now it turns out that Tania says
that one of the web pages where
her authorship is listed is not hers who was it
then but I don't care or in other words the one who did
n't publish it was me that
she now wants to say that
she didn't create the page but that it was
created in her name Well look, report
the person who did it for identity theft
published that wants me to
tell you, that is, this was published by you
with your Avatar photo. Okay, and this
was. Look, Elena says, yes, I went in
to see it, yes, yes, but yes.
This was going viral on Twitter, I mean,
but let's see, Tania wants us to
believe that she deleted it in
2018. But then, where, where did
people get it from? Where did
people come up with it and do all to
people? No, it doesn't make sense. But
the modifications are here on the
page on November 21st, okay,
2024 at 11:05, the page,
you modify it, Tania, but it's not just that
you modify it. There's a
page here, there are two web pages specifically,
two forums, okay, apart from Facebook, okay,
apart from Facebook. Look, it's
absurd. Look, I'm going to censor one thing, okay, apart from Facebook,
okay, look, I
'll zoom in because I can't censor right now,
okay, look, uh, on Facebook, on a
lot of web pages, on a lot of web pages,
even on the
Ana Rosa show, on the website of.  Tele5 on the
Temptation Island website
on the website from when I don't know if
I don't remember if when the Rosito thing
But well I would have to see it okay but I
have them all I have them all okay
some with hundreds of likes eh And
hundreds of shares eh I can't download
okay because in the URL the link has the
names of the magistrate because she
put the title the name of the magistrate
and the name more names okay em So
I personally m what can I tell you Tania you
have published this you have
spread it eh Not only on Facebook
but as I was saying there are a couple of
websites there are a couple of
websites Tania where you not only publish it
also to give diffusion to your ch or
but it tells all kinds of details
okay This is public yet it hasn't been
covered yet run now go and
delete it now but it doesn't matter you know
everything that people were finding
okay I'm not going to start reading it right now
okay but I have them already
certified in case you want to
delete them okay mm she put the name of the Ju
and the procedure number she put
everything  I know if he put everything and
now he wants to delete it delete it look
here for example I have a couple of
web pages Look at this one in particular that I
have on screen that I'm not going to put
right now and this web page has a lot of
traffic it's a very very very well
known website okay and it's a very very
very well known website okay And it has a forum and
here in the forum Tania you are giving
every detail one thing that you
want to do you're saying In what
prison are you saying
eh a subject of the babis or in other words
you are in charge of making all this public in a
lot of forums but forums with lots
and lots of visits so
now you want to pretend that this didn't
exist so that I can fool you what I'm
telling you Tania is that if I find myself you
can report it and that justice
says if we have committed a crime Not
perfect okay but if I find myself
that in the complaint I state that these things
did not exist then I will take measures
because you cannot file a
false complaint you understand I mean you want to
report Hey look I published this
in a lot of sites And now I have
put to bother this youtuber
and people have found this and it has gone
viral on Twitter okay these crimes
in crimes that is that I do not like I do not
like that the youtuber messes with me I
like to mess with him perfect and
threaten him that I will get a lot of
[ __ ] out of him if you put that in the complaint
Perfect perfect you have the right that
you do not find it pretty or that it
bothers you perfect but if I
find myself in the complaint that says that
you have not published this man I am
going to take measures I am clear but it is not
that I am going to It is that Pablo is the
first one that is going to want to take them you
understand me I mean but let's go atrocities
that you have published in forums atrocities
level messing with the minor who would be the one that
well comments that have been deleted
even this very week You understand what
my alne said what my
alne said that you are applauding everything she
said can you repeat it what
alne said I have not seen the [ __ ] what she posted
guys can you copy and paste
alanne's message please remind you all
that we have put a  objective today very
interesting okay very interesting says
Rober Tania's defense is that she
deleted the original petition and that according to
her it forced us to not echo
the media that echoed it but that
Look let's see Rob You published
screenshots of the Chain the first day that you
later deleted I don't remember if it was
because the photo of the man appeared or I don't
remember what okay Ah okay calas he kicked
someone out okay he kicked someone who
was bothering me I don't like Casandra
from the SAT okay okay okay No I don't know what she
was posting what she was posting but
well she wants to defend herself
saying that she closed the petition in
2018 of course she closed the petition in
2018 because the man would be released from
jail And then she wouldn't collect the signatures
okay perfect but that
was public but come on but come on it's that
if not you won't find it but at the point that
people were talking about this
and and it went viral on Twitter it went viral
on Twitter but no Because someone
imagined it and hit the nail on the head no people
were talking about this because people
found it no So if the  people
found it was not there Or I was not there the
truth is that I thought it was a
famous guy but Rober you posted the screenshot is it
true or is it a lie because I saw that you
later deleted the T and and put a
different one, I mean you published the screenshot
No I believed it was a case of a
famous guy a case like Antonio David
Of course but we all saw it or we didn't
all see it I mean it turns out that we have taken it
out in an illegal way I do
n't understand But well I'm already
saying it I mean it seems perfect to me
that he takes legal action Let's see it does
n't seem perfect to me because he's
asking people for money to
throw it away to say it to put a
headline against me or I don't know What's it worth And
because now I have to spend the
money too no I mean then
Perfect perfect well it doesn't seem to me like a
person who dedicates himself to harassing me for I
don't know how many months eh Because I had
a sentence that was a fine for
insults and threatening me that he was going to take
out a lot of [ __ ] and that he had a lot
of [ __ ] on me I don't know what's worth and well
what do you want me to tell you I mean later
when  talk about the things that you
yourself have published, I don't understand, okay. I don't
understand, the whole thing is that
if I find myself with a complaint,
okay, I don't know who the
defendants will be, I think she said it's
me and a few other twitterers. If I
find out that the complaint says that
she didn't make it public, that the Chain doesn't exist,
and all these things, man, then
we will take action
against her because that would obviously be falsification,
it's her who has to tell
the truth. Look, I published it and
then I got embarrassed, no further ado. Very
good. Second, about the blog that you
mention. Well, as for this blog that
has been shown, we have obtained the
accreditation that proves that it belongs
to a third party other than me. Who published
this information in 2013, then V, the
complaint also that man, in other words, you
want to sue the... In other words,
you are going to sue this man against the
blog. In other words, there is a man who signed
the article for you because the article is
signed by you, published by Tania
Palacios. And then that man is in the
complaint or alone.  are you going to sue the
people who echoed that
blog that was already public the blog is
still there Yes yes of course the blog is still there
a blog that she herself has
spread I'm not understanding anything or rather I
'm really not understanding anything I
have no control or
availability over said content
okay Maria Teresa very good I want to
clarify This is okay about the
November 21st edition okay okay here is
something else that they just sent me certified
also created by your same user
Tania created by your same user Tania
5 years ago well how many years 4 years 4 years
created by the same user 4 years ago
signed by almost 7000 people there is a
petition that you also created in support
of Antonio David Flores Antonio David
Flores tried and sentenced for 35 This
is another petition that you made Tania
with your username a kiss Carmen What a desire to
look for trouble mouth flip-flop
woman with her hand on her forehead face with
blank eyes I'm very much too I'll tell you
one thing eh Tania is not a very
intelligent person I think it's obvious this
sweats also although with seasickness but
always in the boat of  tel totally
Olga Thank you very much thank you to all of
you who are supporting the objective like
we're not getting off the boat Javi but it
wasn't her it was another Tania The Movida is that she
has more petitions on chain.org
anyone who reaches
that petition can reach all the
petitions that she has eh La Movida
that oh what has gone I'm left that yes
yes you are sending me everyone
by WhatsApp that the page is still public
the blog La Movida Tania is still public
that let's see is a stubborn person she is
obtuse for the F you that in the end this
can bring her more consequences it can
bring her a lot of headaches it can
bring her that it can harm her in the end in whatever
she does or for what she
earns outside of YouTube e but she all
sweats she is being manipulated okay I mean she is
not a person no no she is not a
smart person So they are
manipulating her they are giving her instructions
and you have to do this you know and
the person who handles her is doing it you know
So in that sense I think it's
also like that no no you wanted  that the
Tania case was spread What else do you
want exactly the supposed edition
mentioned by Mr. Oliveira is not like
that okay it is about the
malicious registration of that page in the
Wayback Machine with the apparent
purpose of preventing it is not Eh well the
first thing if it is in the web Machine that I have not
checked it I do not know if lobo
Can you look for that for me please or LoL or
someone and send it to me by WhatsApp
Please can you search for it to see if that
is in the web Machine I mean she says
that on that date there is a record in the
wman Machine monce Yes that is so
can you send it to me please but of course if there is a
record in the wman Machine it is because
the page existed which does not make sense
a malicious record But how
What malicious if there is a record
it is that the page is there if there is a record it is that
the page is eh public
yet if not there is no record But
equally the modification record is
not on the web Machine robe can you
check it for me please Someone who
can get into the weave B Machine can
check that record that she says and
send it to me by WhatsApp please let it  I
want to see but of course if that record
exists too, well that means the page
exists Tania okay lolilo Of course the
page exists but if we're going to see
if it's that simple it seems like
we're debating with a wall let's
see or with a rock If people
find it it was there it's because there isn't any
more I mean people haven't searched
a drawer in your house Tania If
people have found it it's because it was on the
internet Javi be brave And say who
Irene León is Well look gon there's nothing I would
like more just for gossip eh to
know the story of Irene León what's
behind it And why who she
really is but yes the page is still
public Robe but now what
exists Apart from the page well Robe there's
a blog I don't know if you have it but
today several
people sent me a blog eh where did they
also get the information from no that
there's a blog with numerous with many
visits in which she consults
people Hey but what can I do How
can I do for the babis I don't know what that
type of questions that  it's her it's her on the
blog but on the other hand it's that she herself has
been entering these days and deleting
comments that it doesn't make sense to
remove them from the internet Despite the fact that it
contains personal data of a third party
data that you published Tania So there is no
more Look one recognizes that it was she who
published the chain.org two admits that there is
a blog in which there is
personal data of a third party published by
her over which she has no control because
she is not the owner three apparently
Ah well the one about the flight is also included in
the complaint no the one about the flight is also
in the complaint No that is the forum Javi No no no no no no
the forum no the forum is another the
forum is another the forum the forum
she shows off in detail eh I mean in the
forum my stour a kiss apparently against
the owner of the Blog that is still published does not
say anything about filing a complaint Of course because it
is a media complaint it is a
complaint to announce it simply
worth to say that er called to these
youtubers four I suppose that the rest of us are to
blame for making Echoes of
that blog yes  of hiring a
solicitor to find out about a
preliminary diligence after the complaint I'll keep
quiet Uh well he said something about that subject
too not about the subject of the
solicitor I saw something I don't know if it was here or
yesterday Thank you very much thank you
friends there is also a forum my goodness yes
yes there are a ton of things There are a
ton a ton a ton of things
where she published it but a ton of
spam Because on top of that she spams it because she
wanted to give it a lot of publicity girl but
let's say you had something Tania you
had something that you wanted to delete it from the
internet well come on you nerve that you
have pretty well what a nerve you
have I mean you come here to crush
people and threaten them Yeah because you
have this sentence Yes because you
went to court with your hands behind your back yes
because you went to court With these
clothes Yeah because you have a
preliminary hearing I don't know what day yes because I have
a lot of [ __ ] and I'm going to get it out of you what a
nerve what a nerve you have no I
mean you were thinking of hiding yours but not
threatening the others Mm Mm okay steal okay okay okay steal I mean  that
the machine is
not what I'm saying is something
else Of course It's that the page that I'm
talking about of the records is another the page that
I'm talking about of the records is another
but well the thing is that I don't understand what she
wants to fight I mean
her defense is that she would have deleted
chain.org before but not the rest of the thing so
what do you want Tania I mean I don't
understand What is what is your request cl
the issue of the provision of funds of the
attorney this was done to
locate the diligences since the
mosus of the squad all this that has come
out that Loli should be grateful that they
arrest him it's also true Olga I mean
the response of that face is tremendous
eh I mean the first thing Tania is that the one who
starts to threaten you and starts to
insinuate And to slip that that exists
okay eh she's your friend Loli Of course but
well the thing is that Tania is commenting right now she
posted a comment a
while ago in her statement saying that
Antonio Troy is burning she hasn't said that
the Chain doesn't exist that they tell her
in court  If nothing else we can't do
family, you who want to help me,
okay, you who want to help me
because of course now I have to pay,
okay, what you want to help me, there you have
the objective. Okay, there you have
the objective. I'm not getting off the boat. They will
send the complaint to the court,
then it is calculated. Obviously, the
volume of documents to be presented in
this process and the people with whom,
well, legal actions are being filed,
including the need
obviously to send copies. Okay,
so we are talking about a
criminal process, not a civil process. It is a criminal process and I
donated it. I preferred to pay the provision to the
attorney in advance with the money
that was donated to me, fulfilling the
specific purpose of the funds
received. This is what I want to
communicate to you. I want to clarify this issue,
okay, I want to provide transparency because,
well, they have left,
incorrect data has been disseminated. Okay, then
this is simply the statement. Margot,
very good. Ita, eh, and Adriana Salazar, very
good. Queen, eh. Simply this is
what I am going to say so far, okay, and.
Well, nothing more. Thank you very much. Now
I say it for all the people who
have supported me, for all, thank you to
all the  people who have made it possible for
me to defend myself in court
and Thank you eh thank you Javi all with you
crab a kiss Alejandra says Roberto
kenchin tells you that if other media
echo the deletion you have to
ask them too of course having donated
that little box and obviously eh those
donations go for what they go for okay
we have eh the first phase paid then
a second will come God willing and and the
third But well for now the first one is already
Okay simply also well I
wanted to take this opportunity to give you
infinite thanks Rosa Laura very good
eh because I know that I am not very quiet
eh Right now I do not feel like doing anything
on the networks I am very calm
and and nothing well Antonio will keep you informed
unless I have to open Okay and
Antonio will keep you informed tremendous family
[Music]